ðŸ—£ï¸ Initial Prompt
def get_weather(location):
    import requests
    
    url = f"https://wttr.in/{location}?format=j1"
    response = requests.get(url)
    data = response.json()
    
    return data

Add comprehensive error handling (network errors, HTTP errors, JSON parsing)
Include input validation for the location parameter
Add timeout to prevent hanging requests
Use proper type hints
Add detailed docstring with parameters and return types
Handle edge cases like empty responses or malformed data for get whether function


ðŸ¤– AI Response (partial)
import requests
from typing import Dict, Optional, Union
import re

def get_weather(location: str, timeout: int = 10) -> Optional[Dict]:
    """
    Retrieve weather data from the wttr.in API for a given location.
    
    This function fetches comprehensive weather data including current conditions,
    forecasts, and astronomical information from the wttr.in weather service.
    
    Args:
        location (str): Location identifier. Can be:
            - City name: "London", "New York"
            - City, Country: "Paris, France"
            - Coordinates: "40.7128,-74.0060"
            - Airport code: "JFK"
            - IP address (for current location): "auto"
        timeout (int, optional): Request timeout in seconds. Defaults to 10.
    
    Returns:
        Optional[Dict]: Weather data dictionary containing:
            - current_condition: Current weather conditions
            - weather: Multi-day forecast
            - nearest_area: Location information
            - request: Request details
            Returns None if the request fails or data is invalid.
    
    Raises:
        TypeError: If location is not a string
        ValueError: If location is empty or contains only whitespace
ðŸ—£ï¸ Follow-up Prompt (Clarification)
now explain the function

ðŸ¤– AI Response (partial)
get_weather Function Explanation
This is a robust Python function that fetches weather data from the wttr.in API with comprehensive error handling and validation.
Function Signature
python
def get_weather(location: str, timeout: int = 10) -> Optional[Dict]:
Parameters:
location: The location to get weather for (required string)
timeout: How long to wait for the API response in seconds (optional, defaults to 10)
Returns: Either a dictionary with weather data or None if something goes wrong
What the API Returns
When successful, the function returns a dictionary containing:
current_condition: Current weather (temperature, humidity, wind, etc.)
weather: Multi-day forecast data
nearest_area: Information about the location found
request: Details about what was requested

Defensive Programming: The function assumes things can go wrong and handles each case gracefully rather than crashing your program.
Clear Feedback: Instead of silent failures, it prints helpful error messages so you know what went wrong.
Flexible Input: Accepts many location formats (city names, coordinates, airport codes) making it versatile.
Production Ready: Includes all the error handling and validation you'd need in a real application, not just a quick script.
The function follows the principle of "fail gracefully" - if anything goes wrong, it returns None and explains the problem, but doesn't crash your entire program.
The function follows the principle of "fail gracefully" - if anything goes wrong, it returns None and explains the problem, but doesn't crash your entire program.